[Music]
Eddie Murphy is a Detroit cop on
vacation in Beverly Hills I just got off
the phone with him inspector Todd in
Detroit he says if you're out here
investigating the tangina murder you
needn't bother coming back to be on
vacation you look a lot like you're on a
stakeout stakeout no no I'm picnicking
this is like a picnic area some
questions about michael tandino
[Music]
can I stay for a while I'll order some
pizza we have six witnesses that say you
broke in started tearing up the place
then jumped up
[Music]
may I help you yeah I'm looking for
Victor Maitland there's nothing to say
to you
[Music]
nothing do you you just got your badges
and you're gonna join the job right make
sure we get the right Drake's whose
budget Club sold out for all
[Music]
you know this is the cleanest and nicest
police car ever been in in my life
stays nice in my apartment richest [ __ ]
you are the pride to build a barn in
Detroit it's painfully obvious you
haven't the slightest idea who you're
dealing with
I know what y'all think I am kidding
some kind of food
hurry up quicker crawl back to your
little stone and Detroit before you get
squashed
[Music]
do that again I'll shoot you myself
Eddie Murphy Beverly Hills Cop
[Music]